nico: vanilla, cinnamon, chocolate, caramel
	Most of the time, animals/nature stuff is in my mind, i am thinking about neith cuz i want him to wake up, hehe earlier today i took my pets to the vet and the vet let me do work which i always appreciate, and uh i usually talk about life stuff, like what places people visited the last time they went on a trip or the change of life

spot: green tea

quote: hot cocoa

fina: juice

BNM: water
	I am mentally preparing for driving lesions tomorrow! It'll be the first actual lesion! I had a few classes before but that was to find a cool driving school!

nick: cappuccino
	What’s on my mind, you ask? Well, I met an interesting character at work the other day. Face masks are required in the building, but this man who had walked in didn’t have one on. After I told him that he needed a face mask to be inside, he reached over the counter, snatched a paper towel, and held it over his face. His stupidity and determination combined still leaves me stunned to this day.

kezz: black tea
	a lots happened lately, planning to get a couple tattoos as I’m now old enough to get them, so that’s something to look forward to. 
Just been outside and enjoying the sun, neighbours have all been out, we’ve had a bbq.
my mums on my mind because she’s been working overnight a lot and I think it stresses her out but she does it for us kids so v appreciative.

Kitch: Black tea
	Thinking a fair bit recently about a doddering old professor of mine, who despite having more reason to worry and stress than most people is forever both jolly and wise; things which can seem mutually exclusive in the 'Information Era' where the more you read about something, the more paranoid and concerned you get about it.
	He treats every call as though it were both an important appointment, and also a meeting with dear old friends- regardless of how many people are actually involved and how well he knows any of them. Almost always setting up in his garden, under the cover of a gazebo- that he made with his own hands if it's raining, he's quite prone to holding forth on unrelated topics yet could never once annoy anyone with his diversions. Recently convinced me to email the local council and request an allotment; not because he went on about 'the virtue of working with one's hands' a lot (though he did) but because I saw it was something that genuinely brought him a sense of joy and fulfillment.

pariza: mocha
	well about a month ago I was locked out of my room and I had to climb up the vent of my parent's room and crawl all spy style to my room and jump off from about 6-7 feet of the ground into my room and opening the door from the inside. I also badly sprained my ankle by the fall but I should've known it would happen
	um,me and my friends just talk about school gossip a lot and sometimes talk about the state of the world and just full on complain about everything. (this is making me realize me and my friends are a bunch of petty little schoolgirls welp)

jerry: black coffee
	"I'm trying not to be as anxious anymore, it really affects me, and I feel like I feel anxious about anything and everything. Anyways, I'm seeing a therapist now, so hopefully I'll get back on the right track."

jello: iced caramel macchiato
	uhh i recently got my uni schedule, found out that i'll only be going to classes physically for 2/5 days wherein the 2nd day is Packed so im thinking about the commute to campus when the day comes, do i make a new playlist to listen to?? what do i bring on the first day? pens?? laptop?? do i use a totebag or do i use my backpack who knows, i sure dont
	o! most interesting thing as of late is that roomie and i almost burnt our apartment down bc we were heating oil for fries but the pot wasn't meant for deep frying so uh smoke filled the entire house and we had to open all the windows lmaoo

sara: cappuccino
	And when I'm in a coffee shop I'm always contemplative for some reason. I don't use my phone, or read a book. I just look at people and imagine how their lives are like.
	I take the atmosphere in instead of block it out.
	It's a truly enjoyable moment.

